So welcome back in this video.
We're going to be quain the footer section for our index page.
So we're four go back into our text editor and underneath the shop online section that you copy the
comment.
PACE down below I will call this the footer section.
So we don't need to use the section tigers like previous sections because there is a footer tag we can
use in place.
So we use the footer tigers.
Because the level 2 head in and the image for the footer section is pretty similar to the last few sections.
We can just copy that section from above.
So copy of the container.
From the shop online section.
Peyster in between the foot at Ikes.
So we don't need the button.
So we're going to leave that section.
And the shop online section is going to be keep in touch.
Just after tech centre they're going to reuse the margin bottom.
Class which we used earlier on.
In the latest Office section.
And this is you going to push the content away from the divider.
Let's save and take a look at that and refresh.
So there's a level 2 heading and the divider.
So next we need to create a new role which is going to have the address on the left and some of the
navigation links in the middle.
And then some of these social sharing buttons on the right.
So to put these free sections in we'll create a new role just underneath the last one.
So a new div we a class of row.
And then within the role we're going to create three more divs which are going to be for column Dev's.
The div class then call.
S for.
And it can copy this div.
And paste in two times.
So the first div has the address in.
So we're going to be semantic and the address tigers.
So the first line is tranquil spa.
And then after the break.
And that's some address lines.
So address line 1.
And breaktime.
Duplicate this two more times to qurei address line 2 and free.
And then the second div had the on ordered list with the navigation.
So between the two old tags we'll create for list items.
Between the list tyke's will create some links so a page ref.
And the first link is going to be about us.
So this will link to about hate email.
I will put that link in their form we create that and the text is about.
And copy and paste or duplicate this three more times.
So the second link is the Contact Us.
So let's change that now.
And the link is going to be contact hate email.
The third link is to the blog.
So the link is blogs or to email.
And the text or blog.
And then lastly it's the latest news.
And can just delete the link there because we're going to be generated not dynamically in wordpress.
So let's take a look at the browser.
There we go.
Our first two sections.
So nobody needs to create the social media section on the right.
So the third div.
We'll begin with Pete eyes and the text of the follows.
And then blow the follows text.
We're going to use the font awesome icons for links to social media.
So we add the font awesome icons with these I tigg and then add a class.
So the first class is f a.
We're dufour all the icons and then the facebook icon is f a dash.
Facebook.
And then to make the icon slightly larger than normal we add the class of f a dash LG.
In close up.
And then create far more links.
So the second one is the link to Twitter.
So did a twitter.
Icon free is Google Plus.
And then Pinterest.
And then finally it's YouTube.
So let's save that and see how that's looking now.
Good.
We've got the five social media icons where they should be.
And then the last thing we need to do is add the copyright section at the very bottom of the page.
So let's add that now.
So just below the container but still in the footer section.
We'll add a new div.
Would it class of contain a fluid.
So dishpans the full weight of the web page will also armed and eidy.
Of copy for copyright.
And then a div with a class of call S M 12.
To make a 12 column container.
And then the text between the Peter links will add the copyright symbol which is unpersoned and then
copy semicolon.
So 2015 tranquil spa.
And then let's add some comments.
So this is the and give for the role.
And this is the 12 column container.
And finally the fluid container.
Let's take a look.
Great so that's all the hate Jamal added for the home page.
If you join me in the next video we'll finish up our home page by csx.